When working with a Web API,
there's a little bit of setup you have to do even before you start coding.
The first step is that for most Web APIs,
you'll have to sign up for developer credentials.
This is actually very easy to do if you go to any website.
They usually have a Developer tab or something you can click on and it's free.
You put your email address and you'll get
a key which is a code as a string of characters,
and that is what you'll use to access the Web API.
The second part is that you're actually going to build
a query by making a URL that includes the key that you got.
Let's focus in a little bit and think about what it means to build this API.